Realtime: Add additional questions to the TURN FAQs (#22955)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/realtime/turn/faq.mdx

If you are a Cloudflare BYOIP customer and wish to connect to your BYOIP ranges with Realtime TURN, please reach out to your account manager for further details.

### What is the maximum duration limit for a TURN allocation?

There is no maximum duration limit for a TURN allocation. Per [RFC 8656 Section 3.2](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8656#section-3.2), once a relayed transport address is allocated, a client must keep the allocation alive. To do this, the client periodically sends a Refresh request to the server. The Refresh request needs to be authenticated with a valid TURN credential. The maximum duration for a credential is 48 hours. If a longer allocation is required, a new credential must be generated at least every 48 hours.

> ### How often does Cloudflare perform maintenance on a server that is actively handing a TURN allocation? What is the impact of this?

Author: ```suggestion
### How often does Cloudflare perform maintenance on a server that is actively handling a TURN allocation? What is the impact of this?
```

> Even though this is not common, in certain scenerios TURN allocations may be distrupted. This could be caused by maintenance on the Cloudflare server handling the allocation or could be related to Internet network topology changes that cause TURN packets to arrive at a different Cloudflare datacenter. Regardless of the reason, [ICE restart](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8445#section-2.4) support by clients is highly recommended.

Author: ```suggestion
Even though this is not common, in certain scenarios TURN allocations may be disrupted. This could be caused by maintenance on the Cloudflare server handling the allocation or could be related to Internet network topology changes that cause TURN packets to arrive at a different Cloudflare datacenter. Regardless of the reason, [ICE restart](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8445#section-2.4) support by clients is highly recommended.
```
